Do you want evidence? I have it.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Crazy crazy
You weren't beaten silly by Lin Zhiqiang, were you?
Chu Cangfeng is now a case handling incident
Every word you say will become evidence
I'll ask you again.
What did you just say?
I have proof that Brother Dong Cheng committed a crime
Including he was just a fire plotter
Kidnapping witnesses
And the industrial chain of his slaughtering side
Stall personnel who mix and digest inventory
I have both upper and lower limits
Crazy you wanna be scared bro
What is the wrong move of the crazy father?
You want to betray me
Linger, give it to me.
LINERDU
Can't give him anything
Otherwise it's all over
Dad?
I'm sorry I opened your safe
I know what you've done all these years
Linger
Dad has difficulties
I know you're doing this for my own good
But you can't make mistakes again and again.
I'm doing this for you too
Brother Feng said
As long as you are willing to confess
We still have a chance
This is the key to the safe in the ancient villa
The evidence is all there
Why should I thank you?
You can call me Master
You can also call me strong
It turns out that you are in awe
You damn undercover
Gang rules are to be enforced today
To avenge the blood hatred of the dead brothers in the villa